Now already you have seen call by value method.
Now I will show you what is call by address, in call by address, i have same code here, i will
make some modification to make the code for calling by address, see main function is having x and y variables
and it is sending them to swap function.
So it will not send a value, now  it will send the addresses & means the address of a variable
so it will send the addresses of these variables to swap function.
Then who can take addresses you well that the variables who store addresses which variables use for
storing addresses.
Yes.
Pointer variables.
So these must be pointers.
So I should declare them with stars to make them as pointers.
Now the formal parameters are pointers.
Actual parameters are addresses of variables then inside this one, for swapping I will not be swapping
these addresses, but I'll be swapping the data swapping the data so a is a pointer to X and the B is
the pointer to y.
So when i say A its address of x but when I say star A, data of X, so I should write star here star
a that thisthe reference to pointer.
Now this code is for call by address.
So I have made changes so you can see how the changes are made this is call by address. now let us see
the working of this program.
Now really that swapped function will modify the values from 10 20 to 20 10 it will swap them.
This swap function can access actual parameters and it can modify them.
Let us see the working how it executes.
Let us start.
Main function entry point.
So first the variables x and y are created.
So X is created in the memory and the Y is also created in the memory inside the stack.
So let us say that the address
of this is two hundred and 201.
And this 210 and 211 just randomly I am giving the address, though they are side by side of the memory.
Now this is the activision record of the main function.
This is about main, now next is  swap function is called.
ADDRESS OF X AND Y that is 200 and 210 are sent here.
So who are A and B and temp these are the variable swap,
So the activation record for swap is also created this is for swap and it will have the variables
A B and temp, now what is copied in A what is being passed from here &.
So address of A is copied here.
That is 200.
It means it is a pointer to this one.
So 210 it's a pointer to this one.
temp is a normal data
variable.
Now
The function is called already we have seen that activation records are created.
Now let us see next what happens.
See the first line is a temp assign *A, in temp star A, A is 200 star A is 10, that is copied
here.
Then star assign star B star A means astrik A here astrick B is copied.
So that is 20.
So this becomes 20 then star b assigned temp Astrik B assign 10.
So this is star b.
This is B and this is star B.
So temp it was copied here so you can see that this function is accessing the variables of main function.
Yes we know that one function cannot access the variables of another function but it is possible through
pointers, through pointers it is possible.
So this is called by address mechanism.
So pointer gives a pointer to a function to access the parameters of a calling function.
So that function is accessing x and y. now end of this function comeback, Cout x and y.
So what is the value in x=20 and what is the value in y ten yes they are changed from ten it became
20 from 20 it became ten.
So their values have changed, who has changed these values, swap function.
So that's it this is call by address if you want any function to modify the actual parameters then you
can go for call but address mechanism and one more thing its not necessary that both the variables
must be call by address only.
one variable call by value, one variable call by address, or one variable call by reference
you can take it like this.
It all depends on your requirement.
So further we will see where call by addresses are useful.